
# Emma's Weekly Meeting Notes

* [30 March 2022](#date-30-march-2022)
* [02 March 2022](#date-02-march-2022)
* [16 February 2022](#date-16-february-2022)
* [02 February 2022](#date-02-february-2022)
* [19 January 2022](#date-19-january-2022)
* [5 January 2022](#date-5-january-2022)
* [8 December 2021](#date-8-december-2021)
* [24 November 2021](#date-24-november-2021)
* [13 October 2021](#date-13-october-2021)
* [23 June 2021](#date-23-june-2021)
* [9 June 2021](#date-9-june-2021)
* [26 May 2021](#date-26-may-2021)
* [12 May 2021](#date-12-may-2021)
* [21 April 2021](#date-21-april-2021)
* [17 March 2021](#date-17-march-2021)
* [10 March 2021](#date-10-march-2021)
* [24 February 2021](#date-24-february-2021)
* [17 February 2021](#date-17-february-2021)
* [10 February 2021](#date-10-february-2021)
* [Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)

### Date: 30 March 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* HM - Been meeting with UKHSA about data legacy of project dataset.
  * KW: Very cool âœ”ï¸ 

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM and DS - always helpful!
  * KW: Dreeeem team ðŸ™Œ

#### What did you achieve?

* DC - data paper authorship tracking, co-ordinating paper comments.
  * KW: Thank you ðŸ™
* TRSS
  * finished lay summaries and now reviewed and going on website. 
    * KW: Wooo! 
  *  organising the central github repo - archiving docs, people folder. 
    * KW: Great ðŸŒ 
    * Please can you demonstrate to DC? I think he'd find that super helpful âœ¨ 
  *  data legacy discussions and organising - writing data paper!
    * KW: SO SO COOL! 
  *  attended research impact assessment training by Elixir - was very useful [link to doc about research impact pathways](https://ri-paths-tool.eu/en)
     * going to use this framework to write impact case studies for TRSS lab.
     * KW: REALLY great - thank you - maybe captured in The Turing Way??
       Maybe in the project design guide, what should people be thinking about at the start?
     * KW: Also potentially very valuable for a lab meeting / the RAM team?  

#### What did you struggle with?

* bit tricky with lab uncertainty but we spoke about this already. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Attending CW22 - Mon to weds.
  * KW: SO FUN - I shall live vicariously through you ðŸ’–
* More work on the Github repo
* Start writing impact case studies. 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* We were going to discuss job prospects for me after august if the TRSS Lab folds - will update you on this as some changes since we spoke. 
  * KW: Discussed in the meeting. I'll take forwards with CH and MS. 
* please complete the leadership course form for me. 
  * KW: âœ”ï¸
* decovid handover
  * KW: To LA âœ”ï¸

### Date: 02 March 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* DS - been helping with planning the lecture series - finding diverse speakers.
  * KW: AWESOME - great chat about linking up DC & EB on your and DS' process here?

#### Who helped you this week?

* MS - co-working on training workshop prep.  
  * KW: THANK YOU both for this! ðŸ™

#### What did you achieve?

* DC - coordinating data extracts, data paper authorship tracking, meeting with SG and NB about github repo for the paper.
  * KW: Awesome ðŸš€
* TRSS - Stakeholder mapping - have some comments but still waiting for more, now working on engagement plan.
  * Lay summaries first drafts shared - went for slack discussion and also coffee chats to get comments. 
  * Organising more knowledge shares and show and tell presentations of projects to UKHSA.
* Working with MS on planning for uni of Cambridge Reproducible, Open and FAIR research training - it's happening 4th and 11th March mornings. 
  * KW: So great to be delivering this - thank you!
* Sensitive data work - been making presentations and scripts to make into videos for RDM kit - UK-Elixir work but will be very similar content in the Turing Way chapter. 
  * KW: Very exciting!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Still lack of comments and feedback from UKHSA colleagues - have spoken to HM about this and reinforcing the need for comments so I can make progress.
  * KW: Discussed in the meeting - best of luck!! ðŸ’ª

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* finalise first draft of engagement plan.
* finalise lay summaries.
* doing more work on sorting out the TRSS central Github repository.
* working with PD on a lay piece about 'How many covid cases are there?' - comparing the results of different surveys. 
  * KW: Ooooooooh - that sounds so interesting!
* finishing first lot of sensitive data presentations/videos.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* For Elixir videos - had confirmation that affiliation logos will be on videos so is it best to put alan turing or turing way or both if room?
  * Both if room please, Turing Way if can only have one.
  * Could ping an email to comms team at Turing to confirm? cc MS and me just in case they get twitchy!

### Date: 16 February 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* VH & AR - we had some discussions about Github repository set ups and project management docs.
  * KW: AAAAH - so helpful ðŸ™

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM & DS - great teamwork! :star2: 
  * KW: Dreeeeeem team! ðŸš€

#### What did you achieve?

* DC - coordinating data extracts, data paper feedback.
  * KW: WELL DONE ON CIRCULATING THE PAPER! Mega milestone! ðŸš€
* TRSS - less planning and more actual work. 
  * Finished first draft of stakeholder mapping - [See here](https://app.mural.co/invitation/mural/thelab3596/1643648254195?sender=ub9d4f38e45699383003a3927&key=9858a19a-bc39-4dcc-8cdc-089295274683).
  * Writing lay summaries for lab projects. 
    * KW: Really appreciate your update and work on this - good luck on seeing if you can get reviews going in GitHub PRs ðŸ¤ž 
  * Organising knowledge shares - first one was this week.
    * KW: Aaaah - how lovely! 
* Working with ME and EP on sensitive data overview chapter - hoping to get finished in next few weeks.
  * KW: Very exciting!!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Aspirational stakeholders? who are they? and what do I do if TD and UK--- have differing opinions on this? 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* stakeholder mapping -> engagement planning - finish adding exisiting stakeholders and moving on to thinking more about engagement - who, in what and how? Also those aspirational stakeholders.
* engaging more with lab members and ukhsa SROs and data scientist - more coffee chats. 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* please take another look at my performance management objectives: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIHOG05HC27-b8A76Zy4YUoXu_kXqe-K-iJBjySYjoo/edit?usp=sharing
